[KOGUMA]
I got my full motorcycle license
over summer break.
And traded my white license
plate for a yellow one.
[KOGUMA] I took my Cub
to Mister Shino's shop
to get the engine
block modified.
And doing that officially bumped
it up to a type-two motorbike.
[KOGUMA]
It went from 49 CC to 52.
A 5% increase in displacement.
Now that I have my full license,
instead of topping out at 30
kilometers per hour everywhere,
I can go the speed limit.
[KOGUMA] My bike is
a little bit faster now,
but mostly, it rides
about the same.
[KOGUMA]
Still, for some reason,
I feel a little bit
more liberated.
Even now...
...my Cub is so fascinating.
[TEACHER 1A]
Well, everybody.
At long last, our class trip to
Kamakura will begin tomorrow!
Your guidebook has a full list
of travel do's and don'ts.
Be sure to read it through
before we leave.
And I'm sure none of you
need to be reminded of this,
but even though
you'll be off campus,
you're still going
to be in school.
Your conduct needs
to reflect this.
We expect you
to follow the rules
and observe proper
etiquette during the trip.
- [KOGUMA] Hmm.
- [STUDENTS murmuring]
[TEACHER 1A]
Everyone, settle down!
[REIKO]
Check it out!
They call National Route 134
the "Shonan Bullet Road"!
It's close to the inn
where we'll be staying.
Wanna see it during
our free time?
[KOGUMA] Staring at a road
doesn't sound exciting.
Okay, fine, that's fair.
How about something you've
been looking forward to
on the trip, then?
[KOGUMA] There's kozabuta ham,
Misaki fish dishes,
the desserts in Kamakura.
[REIKO]
All food?
I've been trying to
set aside a little bit
of my scholarship
money every month.
This seems like the right time
to give myself a reward.
[REIKO] Mm. Well I guess
I can see it on my own.
[REIKO]
Hmm...
[KOGUMA]
Hmm.
[KOGUMA panting softly]
[beep]
[KOGUMA]
Seriously...?
Yes. I have a fever.
[KOGUMA]
It is.
I'm going to have to stay home.
I will.
I hope you have a safe trip.
[sighs]
[beep]
Come on, really?
[KOGUMA groans]
[sighs]
[KOGUMA]
Hmm!
Hmm.
It's a uniform.
Perfect.
[KOGUMA] I could take the Koshu
Highway to National Route 137,
then take that to Lake Sagami
and head south on Route 412.
Don't wanna go uphill too much.
This map won't
help with that though.
[KOGUMA]
Hmm.
Hmm!
Be back soon.
Let's go!
[KOGUMA]
Hmm.
[STUDENTS murmuring]
Yeah, no, that seems
like a terrible idea.
You really think
it's that dangerous?
[REIKO] If I say
"yes," will you listen?
[KOGUMA]
Mm...
I'll remember for next time.
[REIKO chuckles]
Sounds like you're starting to
turn into a biker.
Well, not that you should do it.
But if you do, I'll help
you plead your case
with the teachers
when you get here.
Be careful, okay?
Stay away if
something seems off,
and if you don't think you can
make it safely, turn back.
[KOGUMA]
Right. Thanks a lot, Reiko.
[KOGUMA] Just under 90 minutes
to get this far.
[KOGUMA] If I follow
the road south from here,
it'll take me around
Mount Hakone
and onto National Route 1.
I'll turn left towards Kanagawa,
then to Kamakura
by way of Shonan.
Then I go left at the
Hagiwarakita intersection,
and merge onto
National Route 246.
It's a roundabout way
to get there,
but it'll save me some
mountain-climbing.
[sighs]
Hmm?
[KOGUMA]
5 PM, huh?
Hmm.
[REIKO]
For real?
Wow, you're making good time
if you're in Gotemba.
[KOGUMA] Maybe too good.
I might beat the bus to the inn.
[REIKO]
Hmm... If you get there first,
you'll just have to wait
around by yourself.
Why not take a detour
to fill some time?
[KOGUMA]
Yeah, good idea.
Thank you.
[gasps]
[KOGUMA]
Huh?
[panting]
I'm gonna let you go
just this once, mountain.
[chuckles]
So this is National Route 134.
I reached the
Shonan Bullet Road.
[gulping]
Ah.
[KOGUMA]
I should go.
No way.
Is something wrong?
[BOY 6A]
Whoa. What is she doing here?
Didn't she call in sick?
[REIKO chuckles]
I'm glad to see
you made it okay!
Hey.
[TEACHER 6A]
Honestly.
What would you have done
if there'd been an accident?
But it would hardly make sense
to send her home at this point.
Needless to say, you will not
be riding your motorcycle
during this trip. Are we clear?
Yes, ma'am.
Sorry for the trouble.
Thank you for understanding.
[TEACHER 6A] Her safety
is what's most important.
[TEACHER 2A] And I think
she made a sincere apology.
[TEACHER 6A]
I agree.
[sighs]
I'm beat.
Thank you.
[REIKO giggles]
So?
[KOGUMA]
Mm...
[slurps]
A bath would be nice.
Heck yeah!
[KOGUMA sighs]
Right. So?
Well. I rode up Mount Fuji.
[REIKO]
Hmm. Did you now? Cool.
I had to drop down to
first gear by Station 4,
but I managed to make it all
the way to Station 5 like that.
There's not a single hill
anywhere in Japan that you can't
climb on a Cub in first gear.
They say you can ride the
baddest off-road monster bike
up the toughest
trail you can find,
and at the end there'll be an
old guy loading wild veggies
onto his Cub, like he was just
picking up his groceries.
And in hilly places like
Onomichi and Nagasaki,
there are Cubs carrying
packages every day
to houses that cars can't reach.
[KOGUMA] I guess Cubs
are just that amazing.
Yeah, obviously.
Cubs are the best!
Oh, I forgot. I also took a trip
down National Route 134.
Hold on, you got to ride
the Shonan Bullet Road?
No fair! I haven't
even done that yet!
[KOGUMA]
Well, whose fault is that?
[REIKO] Yeah, but it's your
fault that you did it
- without me! Traitor.
- [KOGUMA giggling]
Gosh. You guys,
isn't this exciting?
It looks so good!
[KOGUMA]
Mm!
[chuckles]
Hey, you asleep?
I'm trying.
[REIKO]
About our free time tomorrow...
We should go and buy
some caramecco candies.
[SHII]
Mm. I wanna see the squirrels.
[GIRL 2A]
Oh, me, too!
Here's me.
[KOGUMA]
Mm.
Ha, ha!
Why'd you bring that?
You can never be
too prepared, you know?
[REIKO chuckles]
[REIKO]
Hmm.
I feel like the mountains
are perfect for us!
My Cub is totaled.
The Engine's shot.
Suspension's wrecked.
Electrical, too.
And the frame got too messed up
to hold it all together.
[KOGUMA]
So...
What will you do?
[REIKO] Mm. I'm thinking
I should go 'n buy myself
a new one.
I know this shop owner with
a few CTs in his inventory.
CTs were the ones they
called Hunter Cubs, right?
They're made to go
up mountain paths?
That's right! They've been out
of production since 2012,
and the distributors have sold
through all their inventory now.
They're still in demand
overseas today.
They sell them as Farm Bikes.
They do well out there 'cause
they can handle rough trails
and they're easy to fix.
Wait. Isn't there
a newer model out?
Those electronically controlled
Cubs are basically toys
next to the old CT.
It's over. It had an awesome
run, but the Cub isn't the king
of all farm bikes anymore.
Then I guess I really need
to take care of my Cub.
Well, obviously.
It'll pay for itself.
Even in 10 years,
you won't have any trouble
finding parts for it. It could
stay on the road forever!
Do you think so?
Once you have it, will you
let me ride your Hunter Cub?
Once it's broken in I will.
And in the meantime,
I'm gonna be riding
the heck out of it.
[KOGUMA] Maybe Reiko's right,
and the same Cubs we ride today
will still be on the road,
unchanged. For 50 years.
Or even a hundred.
I won't change, either.
I don't want to.
[giggles]
I'll keep riding as long
as I can... with my Super Cub.
[KOGUMA] Episode 7:
"The Girl of Summer-Sky Aqua."